255. It's the highest any Pokemon's base
stat can go. Only a few Pokemon have
stats that high, like Blissy's HP is
255.
But today, we'll be flipping that on its
head. Today, we're going to take the
base stat total of a Pokémon, say
Groudon's attack, which is 150, and
we're going to be subtracting that from
the maximum 255, which will leave
Groudon with 105 instead. We're going to
do that with every single stat. So, yes,
you guessed right. The baby Pokémon are
the strongest in this scenario. When we
build our team, we'll be allowed two not
fully evolved Pokémon depending on what
we see from our starter selection. The
rest must be fully evolved, but we're
going to be aiming for the weakest of
the bunch, which which will now be the
the strong the strongest of the bunch.
It's all going to be a bit confusing.
Today, we're making Pokémon the reverse.
Absolute cinema for today's video, by
the way. I'm very excited for this. And
you know what? I didn't even say this in
the intro, but we're lying about one of
the Pokemon. Look, do you want to flip a
coin? I'd be lying if I said no.
And since today is a reversing video, I
usually I'd say heads and not today.
Today it's tails. And I know that for a
fact. Look at that. Look at that. See?
Look at that. It was the reverse because
it's it's opposite day. You've killed
it. You've killed it. Right. So you want
Oh, it's opposite day. So you want me to
turn around first? I'm turning around.
Exactly. Exactly. Oh my god, I forgot I
put like the Dude, I put the level of
detail mode on. One of the Pokemon on
here is like super shiny. What's super
shiny and glossy? See, I know. See, you
can't lie about that now cuz I I'll
know. Yeah, that's actually a good
point. I got to be careful. Okay, so I
need to Okay, I I have to reel it back
cuz I have to lie about a a bad Pokémon
because it will then become really good.
Yeah, cuz Rayquaza is going to be
terrible in this. We don't want that.
Yes. Yes. Yes. So, we're going to All
right. We're going to go Fiona. Fion.
Okay. Sure. Nimble. Oh, I wait. I like I
I like this selection so far. Merro.
Merro. Okay. I also have to think about
like the move set of these Pokemon, too,
because if it's not fully evolved, it's
going to have way less in terms of
moves. Uh, what was the lie? What would
you lie about? Fion, Nimble, and Merro.
Merro is a fun one cuz you could you
could run Haze on that and get rid of
stat buffs and stuff. So, that's that's
kind of sick, too. I don't think we're
going to need stat buffs. I mean, you
you probably will if everyone is super.
No one is. I think the Fion is
definitely there. I think that you've
lied about the nimble and I'm going to
take the Merro
[__]
On the left was Fiona. Correct. On the
right was Merro. Yep. I'm going to take
a screenshot of this guy for you cuz
this is the glossy guy. Oh my god. If I
picked the lie, do is there a debuff or
anything like that that we have or what?
Okay. Okay. You know what? Since it's
based off abilities, if you can identify
the lie, you get six rerolls on that
Pokémon. If you take the lie, you get
one ability only. You don't get any
rewards. Oh, yeah. There you go. That's
the That's That's what we want. That's
what we wanted. That's what we wanted.
Nice. I like that. I like that. I think
that's a good way to do it. All right.
Merro. Six abilities on my Merkro. This
Merkro is now very defensive. Very
defensive Pokémon that has equal
attacking stats. And they're all very,
very good. Still not like maybe as
speedy as a Pokemon would want to be
because considering they're all going to
get flipped. I I imagine like 200 speed
will be normal. But we'll see. We have 1
2 3 4 5 six ability rerolls. And oh, we
got some good ones here. We got Sheer
Force, which is fantastic. We have
Supreme Overlord, which will increase
the amount of damage I do when my
Pokemon are dead, which for a Merro
would actually thematically make a lot
of sense. Uh, Neuroforce does more
damage with super effective moves, which
would be kind of cool, too. Uh, Sapo
will make me immune to grass. But I
think I think I want to go with the
sheer force on this. You know, just
disregard any secondary effects I'd use
in my moves for a bit more damage.
Moving on to the next round. Oh, Luke's
first round. Oh, dude. Okay, you're
going to love this round. You're going
to love this round. Trust me. I love
this round. It's a brilliant round. It's
the best round. I made it. Wait, what am
I going to lie about?
You have a
I don't know what to do. Scatterbug,
fampy, and a gallerion meow. Okay, so
scatterbug's actually just a terrible
option because scatterbug gets scuggle
bug and string shot and that's like it.
And it gets bugged by. I'm pretty sure.
I'm pretty sure it gets bugged by. Yeah,
I actually do believe that you're lying
about the Meowth though, cuz you did
stutter over that little Galarian.
So, I'm going to I'm going to pick fan.
I think that's a safe pick. And I'm
going to guess that you lied about Meow.
That's That's a fine round. You do get a
glaring meow. I didn't ask for glarium
mouth. You do get a fan pee. Thank you.
Uh I did not lie about the glaring
mouth. I just couldn't remember what the
word was. Oh, wait. No, I'm realizing
you definitely lied about scatterbug
now. You tried to fight Scatterbug. I
should have locked on to that. You're
like, "No, Scatterbug gets good moves."
Yeah. Yeah, I do. I I can't believe he
didn't lock on to that immediately to be
honest. But yeah, I I did like this guy,
but there was a Riolu there instead. He
had a Riolu, Fampy, and Meow. What am I
supposed to do here? So, you have
yourself a Famp, which honestly, great
Pokémon for this. All right, first
Pokémon is Famp. The base total is
1,200, which is just stupid seeing that
number. But we get three ability rolls
on this. We have Stamina, we have
Prankster, we have Rattled. And I'm
going to be honest with you, I just feel
like stamina is really funny. Its
special defense is 215 lower than um its
physical defense. And I listen man, if I
don't even know if this thing can get
body press even at this level, but like
I just think increasing my defense is
funny. Uh with it with the stats that
already as skewed as they are, I this
this we're going to break the game.
We're just going to break the game. I'm
going to turn around and reveal my three
crazy starters. Go ahead. I'll be honest
with you. Yep. You've got three amazing
Pokémon stood in front of us. Three on
this wonderful evening. Okay. Uh, let's
think about this for a second. I got to
be I got to be very I gota be very
careful. So, why don't we hit him up
with a little bit of like a We have
Growli. Oh, no. Don't do that to me. We
have Oracoro the Bile B. It's the um Oh,
is it like what's is it is it Bile? Is
it Bailey or is it What is it? This is
why we have the internet. The Hawaiian
are going to destroy us in this one.
Yeah. Uh, how to pronounce
Ble B. B. It's Italian. Okay. Yes, we
have Oraorio B style. Okay. And we have
Sandrew. Oh, that is a good selection.
And I do love Growli. All of them. The
last one was Oh my god, I forgot. I can
tell you what it is. We We made a
gentleman's agreement that we wouldn't
like reask because it's kind of cheap to
be like, "Oh, what was that last one
again?" And I actually genuinely forgot.
The last one is Sandrew. Oh, that's
right. Sandrew. I don't really want
another flying type, but I think that
maybe you can't count on that. Maybe
that's the one that you're No, no. I
feel like Oracle is definitely there cuz
you made a whole song and dance about
the form. You know what? And I also feel
like the Growlithe is definitely there.
I think you lied about the Sandshrew and
I'm taking the Growlithe. You're
absolutely correct. Yes. Let's go. Okay,
so looking at the Growlith stats now.
Um, again, it has equal attack and
special attack. It has very, very, very
good bulk and, you know, quite good
speed as well. And we have six rerolls
on my Growth and it's one of my favorite
Pokemon of all time. So, I can't wait to
see what we get. 1 2 3 4 5 six. We get
our Trios Neural Force again. I keep
seeing Neuro Force everywhere. And
there's nothing against like having the
same ability twice. It just keeps
randomizing for some reason. Turblaze,
grass pelt, hydration, and wonders skin.
Now, Neuroforce will do more damage with
super effective moves. Um, so maybe I
just take the Neuro Force and try and
run as much variety in my move set as
Growli can get. I don't know if I can
get much, but we'll see. So, I think I'm
going to take Neuro Force on my
Growlithe. And it's going to be a it's
going to be a forceful Growlithe. All my
abilities so far has have force in the
name. Let's have a look and see what
your next round is, Luke. Oh my
goodness. Quite the rounds. Shut up.
What? You're You're pissing me off. All
right. You know, I'm fine. I'll just say
it. I want to say I love you. Why? All
right. You have yourself a Lombre, a
Polygeist, and a Taurus. Palan. Which
Palan? Like the regular one. Combat
breed. It's called combat breed. All
right. You have a combat breed. Palan
Taurus. I think Lombre is there. I'm in
I'm up in arms about Tauros Pygeist.
Okay. Um, you know what? I'mma take
Lombre. And you're lying about Py Ice.
Luke, you have taken the first lie of
the day. Congratulations.
There is no Lombre on the screen. It is
in fact a just regular Cantonian
Articuno. Oh, sick. Cool. We got one
ability on my Articuno. Then on like a
lesser side, we have a Articuno, which
again, this was one of the weaker
choices I picked, by the And this thing
has a base stat of five uh sorry 950.
You know, got pretty good stats when I
look at it, but when I compare them to
the stats I just looked at for Famp,
they are not as good. We're going to
roll our We only have one ability for
this one. We got tinted lens on it, so
that's fine. I mean, it's ice type
that's ruled by a lot of Pokemon. I
don't even know. I mean, these physical
attack like a basic at this point. Um,
first fumble, bro. You've had me in
these recent videos where we catch each
other's lies. It's insane. Right. Okay.
I'm ready to turn around. You ready?
Yep. M. Okay. So, I got three Pokemon
for you. You ready to type them down?
I'm ready. I'm ready to write them. Type
them. We got Smeargle. Smeargle. We got
so We got Meenfu. Meenfu. We got
Scraggy. Scraggy. Okay. Clearly in this
video format, Smeiggle is like easily
the strongest Pokemon that you could get
because its stats are so bad, but his
move set is infinite. Dude, that has to
be bait. There's no way it's a Smiggle.
It has to be bait.
100% that's fade. That's a That's no
smeaggle on that screen. Then we have
Mean Fu and Scraggy. Um not necessarily
good against you, but Scraggy seems so I
mean I can learn Dragon B and all that.
So I think you lied about Smeargle and
I'll take Scraggy. God damn it. Did I
get a ring? I'm trying to think of stuff
outside the box, but stuff that would
also be actually enticing to pick. I'm
fumbling so bad. You got Scraggy. Meanfu
is in the middle. And I lied about the
smear gole cuz it was a gouging fire. Oh
man, I would love it. Okay, I've been
watching a lot of shady penguin
recently. Yeah, there it is. I love that
guy. I love that guy. Who doesn't Who
doesn't like that guy? Who doesn't like
that guy? Look at Scraggy's new stats.
It's very good special attack-wise. So
maybe I'll be running a special Scraggy
today. Who knows? That sounds like a
good idea potentially. We have six
rerolls on Scraggy. 1 2 3 4 5 6 Iron
Fist, Libero, Grimnay. Oh wait, Desol
Land is really good, too. do steel work
is really good. It improves the power of
steel type moves. Desoland um makes the
sun come up but makes war type moves do
nothing. Grimnay will increase my
special attack whenever I get a KO and I
have a really good special attack in
Scraggy now. So I feel like I should run
Scraggy with like focus blast and dark
pulse with grim and then it would
improve it special attack and I think
that'd be a really really funny idea.
All right, so next round for you we have
a interesting interesting little round
here. Interesting little round. Uh so we
have ourselves uh a re ice a zerude and
a hounddoom. See I knew this was going
to happen eventually. I was just I was
just thinking about this is that there's
going to be there is actually going to
be a good Pokemon on screen or bad
Pokemon on screen and you're going to
mask it with the big boy. I'm just
thinking about Reggie Ice. Reggie Ice is
not a good Pokemon in this in this
condition. However, however Oh,
someone's at my door. I guess I get to
think about this while I go out to the
door. And while he's gone and while
while he's Oh my god, dude. While he's
gone, you should use code Paris at gamer
subs until Luke comes back. You can use
code Paris. You can use all the time
even. You can put liquid in your game of
subs cups. Any liquid you want. It could
be game of subs. It's really delicious
and tasty. I'd recommend it. I've been
really enjoying the sploosh flavor. It's
It's great. And oh, look there. He's
back. He's back. I actually think you
lied about the Reggie ice. And I'm going
to take Hound Doom. I think that's what
I have to do. That's what I think you've
done. Congratulations GBL. You've done
it. I did indeed. I did indeed lie about
the red eyes. There was on screen. There
was a Hound Doom. And I lied over the
chel that was also there cuz there's a
little chutel down there. And uh I don't
know if we get shell smash, but I feel
like that would have been really good.
Oh, I'm dumb. I should have just taken
it as well. I should have just committed
to it. I mean, you could you could say
you're lying about it and take it, but
what would that mean for it? Because you
wouldn't get six ability rerolls. Or it
balances out and you just get three
abilities on it regardless. Okay, the
Hound Doom had six abilities. The base
stat were 1030. We have already got one
ability on here in Queen Mag. We'll do
the next five. So, it's 1 2 3 4 5. So,
Contra is B. So, I need to do one more
liquid voice. All right. All right. I
feel like an immunity is always an
immunity is always better. I feel like I
don't know if I'm crazy for saying that,
but I'm going to go Storm Brain. An
immunity is always better. I'm going to
turn around now. Yep. I chose the
randomizer for this. And I regret my
decision because you're getting really,
really good options. I'm getting really
good options that usually wouldn't be
good. They'd be really bad usually. We
have Swaddle. Swaddle. Kufant. Kufant.
Okay. Sure. Frogadier. Froggadilla. Ooh.
I mean, all of these are good. Wait,
Swaddle's like the smallest one cuz
Swadoon and then it's Levani. So, yes,
it's the baby. It's the baby. Oh, it's
the baby. I don't think the baby gets
sticky webs. It seems like Qan is
probably there cuz I don't When was the
last time we saw Qan right now?
Also, I don't I don't think I just want
to say this now. I don't think we should
allow an heavy light in this video. No.
No. Absolutely not. We should not. Just
before anyone says you could just put
heavy light and it'd be really strong. I
don't think I think that would be too
much. Yeah, that's banned. That's
banned. That's banned. That's banned.
That's banned. I think you were lying
about the swaddle. And I'm going to take
the coupon. Okay. I wasn't lying about
the swaddle, but you did get a coupon.
Okay. Just a regular one. All right,
that's fine. Three rolls. That's I was
lying about Frogadilla. Um, and it was
over a Megiraa. So, you had a really
fast like physical attacking Mea
potentially, right? But I don't think
even it attacks stats that that good. It
stats it stats would have been a lot
lower than the other Pokémon, but
Titan's still really good to be fair.
Titan is really good. My Q fans uh is
very fast. In fact, the Q fan might be
one of the strongest Pokemon I've ever
seen now. Has very good special attacks.
So maybe we're on special Q. Who knows?
Uh it's got honestly still really good
defenses. And it's really, really,
really fast. So let's see what we have
here for Qan. We have one, two, three
rerolls for Q fans. We have good as
gold, electric surge, and grass pel. Um
none of these are like particularly
amazing. We have electric surge, which
is okay. It'll set up the electric
terrain, but I don't know if I need the
electric terrain. Good as gold. Um,
everyone makes fun of me for getting
good as gold wrong. So, I'm going to
read the good as gold effect just so
that I I definitely get it correct here.
A body of pure solid gold gives this
Pokemon full immunity to other Pokémon
status moves. It doesn't make me immune
to being statused. Makes me immune to
status moves, which hey, I'll take. I
hate T-wave. I will take that. That's
absolutely fine. Now, my Q fans can run
free without the fear of being thunder
waved. That's the first time I haven't
actually guessed liro. Oh, shut up.
Round four. Oh my god.
Is this bad? Is that bad? You have
yourself a Sligu, a Cryogonal, and a
Diane. Realistically, the two bait here
is is Sligu or Dian. We had this whole
thing about the Reggie ice diane
debacle. So, I actually do think that
maybe you lied about Diane this time.
Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. So, I think I will take
Sligoo and say that you were lying about
Deansy. Oh man, I'm so sad. Why do you
not think more about the Kraal? Kragonal
sucks. No, it doesn't. It' be really
good. It has rapid spin. It'd be for
freeze dry. It'd be so good. Not that it
matters cuz you wouldn't have had one
anyway cuz you would have had a cure and
white instead if you'd chosen that.
Yeah, that would have been really bad.
That would have been really bad in fact.
So, you get a you do get a Sligu,
regular Sligu with three rules. One,
two, three. We have Wandering Spirit,
Color Change, and Poison Touch. Now,
Sligu has 180 base attack now. I don't
even know if he has Dragonclaw. I don't
even know if he gets a physical dragon
move. Maybe he gets outrage or something
like that, maybe. But I feel like poison
touch is kind of fitting for the goo. I
don't really see myself wanting I don't
really want wandering spirit and I don't
really want color change. I'm turning
around. I'm turning around.
He's doing it again. He's doing that
thing where he laughs again. Okay, so
you've got Iron Treads. Oh my god. Okay.
Squoet. Oh, I love Scoit. And Flutter.
Flut. Oh man. The thing is though, are
you trying to bait me? And did you put
the whole act on just to just say a guy
our friend's here because we love
Flutter Man. He's here but he's not
actually there. Who knows? That's right.
You you're charging you've been charging
up this this axe the entire time Luke
which is why the flutter mane isn't
there. And I'm taking the skull bit.
Damn it. You were wrong. The the flutter
mane is there. The iron treads is there.
Honestly, I wish you'd taken the flutter
main cuz I thought I said that your
friend was there. I wish I wouldn't take
it cuz obviously the speed would have
been super bad. But that was a lie. You
got Kyogre. Oh no. Oh no. You took my
Kyogre and you have one ability
randomization on it. Sorry buddy. Well,
I mean my imagine my one ability reroll
is like primordial or desolate land.
Okay, I have a Kyogre. Um, Kyogre is I
would imagine probably going to be the
weakest Pokemon in this entire video
depending on what the further rounds
have to say about that. But Kyogre has
105 special attack. And you've seen the
rest of the stats from the other Pokemon
so far. It's not looking so good for
Kyogre. And I have one ability roll. So,
let's just see what it is. Boom. Ripen.
All right. I have a ripen Kyogre. What
can I do with that? I'll be honest, I
haven't got a Scooby-Doo. I I truly do
not know why I could do that, but we'll
try our best. Just like you should try
subscribing to the channel because I
upload every single week very
consistently, and I wouldn't want you to
miss a a a video in your subbox, and I'
I'd really appreciate if you would
subscribe. I'm just saying just try it.
All right. Round number five for Lukey.
Okay. Okay. Okay. So, what we have here
is a a Diglett, a Chimeco, and a Fenkin.
Interesting pigs. Diglett. Not so good.
Actually got like evolution evolved
Pokemon speed. Chimeco I think is
actually so sick. Really? Yeah. I want
Chimeco. Okay. And you lied about the
Fenkin. Damn, you nailed it. You nailed
it 100% 100%. Yeah, it was. Dude, I I
feel like I fumbled this one. It was
actually a Del Fox. I just made a tiny
baby. Oh, next is Tco, who has
six ability randomizers, rer rolls, and
its physical attack is 205. So, let's
go. 1 2 3 4 5 six. We have dry skin,
protoynthesis, ice body, anticipation,
and ripen. Now, what does ripen do
again? Doubles the effects of berries
that are eaten. Uh, that being said, dry
skin gets me an immunity. You know what?
Let's go ripen. Let's go ripen on the
chimea. We get like a salic berry or
even just a healing back, like a citrus
berry. Just get my HP back before. We'll
go ripen. Ah. Ah. Oh. M. This is an
interesting situation. We are being
placed in. You have Zapdos. You have
iron moth. Oh. All right. All right. You
have Shenpow. Shinpow. I don't want any
of these to be honest. Shin pow's
definitely there.
which means I have a 50% chance. I'm
just, you know what? I'm just going to
go over the iron moth. I think you're
lying about the iron moth. And I'm
choosing that slot.
So, Chow on the right, Iron Moth in the
middle. On the left was not a Zapdos. It
was a spooper. It could have been
Spooper. Oh, man. Okay. Iron Moth is my
last Pokemon again. Um, comparison to
all the other Pokemon on my team.
Probably one of the weakest on my team.
But that's okay. It's going to have very
good physical attack, not very good
special attack, very good physical
attack. It's not going to be
particularly fast compared to the other
Pokemon in this video, but we have three
rerolls with iron moth. One, two, three.
We have rocky payload, sturdy, and heat
proof. Now, heat proof will make me more
resistant, even though I am resistant
already. More resistance to fire type
moves. And study will make it so I don't
die in one hit. And honestly, I think
I'll take the sturdy. All right, here we
go. Let's see what your final round is.
Criy, there's no way, dude. All of these
Pokémon have been in this video so far
because we have Manfas was there. We
have Galarian Akuno, regular Auno over
there. And we have a Suian Sligu. Then
you have Slugu in your team. What a last
round. What a good last round that is
actually. I don't want to double up on
two Sligoo. That's kind of cringe if you
lied about Sligoo. By the way, I kind of
like the idea of having my Sligu boys.
Double. You want to dual wield Sligoo?
Kind of want to dual wield my Sligoo.
I'm p Slug and you're lying about the
Aruna. Damn, you freaking got me, man.
You Yeah, you're right. So, we have
Manifi, Tatsuiri, and Huin Sligu. I
wanted to make a situation where I was
like, "Oh man, that the last round had
all the Pokemon that were in the video."
That's all I wanted to do there. Dude, I
got double sl I'm double gooed up on a
[__] third day afternoon, brother.
And finally, we have his Suian Slagoon,
who is super quick. Actually crazy how
fast this one is. Six abilities go 1 2 3
4 5 and six. So, we have Corum. We have
Yo, if we ran Unbirden, I feel like we
might actually destroy something. Maybe
I run weakness policy on burden. If it
works, it works, right? unbburden and
I'm going to run weakness policy. I
don't even know if I might break the
game. I actually might go too fast for
the game to comprehend. Those are my six
Pokemon and their abilities. All right.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's flip some
Pokémon and freaking fight them. Oh my
god. He's got a tyco. Yes. You like
that, don't you? I know you do. I I do
to be honest. I'll put me hands up. I'll
put me hands up. Yeah. Go on. Put that
Put them Put those hands up. I'll put me
hands up. Yes. Oh, this game is
beautiful. It's going to be crying. Oh,
look at look at how different it looks.
It doesn't look different actually.
Okay, that's that's fine. I got my I got
me Kyogre.
Oh, I'm about to get Origin Boston like
this. You might want to you might want
to scar her, mate. I'm going to be
honest. There's no way you There's no
way you water move me. You don't think
so? Don't harass. You run. I know you
want to see like a baby. Whisper.
I was What?
Those six rerolls are coming in rather
handy, Daniel. Yes, that's um that's
quite good for you, isn't it? It would
seem. Yes, it is. It is in fact very
good for you. Okay. Storm drain hound.
Oh, I have uh I'm not attacking you,
sir. I have my thunder wave. What do you
think about that, bro? Brought utility.
Watch out, bro. I dare you. I'm
switching. I'm gone. Like a rocket. Like
a shot. So, I I don't even care what
comes out. And I may one-shot it. You're
crazy. Temper flare. What does this
mean? What does this do? Oh, all right.
[Music]
What the hell? I might one shot. He
says, "Bro, what is your game right now?
Do you want to have fun or do you want
to just play? Are you kidding me?" Dude,
I have What is he supposed to do? What?
Why did I do no damage? Viber. So long.
Yeah. See you later, man. Heavy juicy
boots. Oh, he's back again. Hello. It's
for be the fan. I've got poison on you
now, mates.
Acid spray. the acid spray. There goes
the special. The acid braids did so much
damage. Well, it's not it's not the it's
not the point. It's not to do damage.
All right. Just so you're aware. Oh. Oh,
I also have I have I have a mirror. Ah,
okay. Now your defense is even higher.
Wonderful. Now my crazy defense is even
And that's your fault for having
stamina. So I don't want you blaming me
for that, right? Oh, I know what to do
now. I know exactly what to do now.
Yeah. No, I have them. That's fine. I
don't care. I have them. I will. Thank
you very much for letting me set up my
rockadoodle dudes. Here he comes. Fiery
dance, baby. Is it going to do any
damage?
Bruh. What?
Bruh. Wait, why did that do no damage?
Because Famp has crazy low special
defense, so it's been reversed now. Oh,
yeah. Has crazy high special. It's minus
two, though. It's supposed to be
negative. Oh no. Oh no. Here we bloody
go. Let's just get rid of all that crap.
You know what I mean? I'm just going to
set it back up, isn't it? Okay, now your
special defense has to go down again.
I'm sorry, mate. I can't I can't have
you taken my No, I body pressed you for
6 million damage. Um, if you Well, I
resisted and my defense is upgraded, so
I'm surprised you haven't went for like
an earthquake yet. I'm I'm going to be
honest, bro. I wanted to make sure I was
Do you I don't even have earthquake.
You're Shut up. I don't even have
earthquake. Ooh, that don't even kill.
It don't even kill, bro. It don't even
save my life. Yeah, let's go to this
guy. Okay. All right. I thought you
going to wrap a spin there to try and
get rid of the spikes again. No, if it
was double layered toxic spikes when I
got poisoned, I would have probably done
that. But I just realized I'm like, "Oh,
this is fine." Yeah, it's just a single
layer. I mean, the poison stacking. It's
not stacking, right? So, I got me Merro.
Tip Merro. Tip Merro. Hey, up. Got me
there. Yep. There. There it is. There's
your rapid spin. That's fine. That's
fine. That's fine. That's good. That's
all. That's not bad. Okay. Now, now get
me you get me nasty.
I don't know what you I don't think you
this is doesn't this doesn't scare me.
Are you sure? Yes, this doesn't scare me
at all. Ow. No, me zoom lens. I'm going
to miss now. Uh-oh. Oh, I didn't. Okay,
good. That's fine. There we go.
Bye, Bamp. That's fine. That's fine.
That's fine. That's fine. Sorry.
That's fine. That's fine. Bluey,
we got blue one. We got Bluebby, too.
Yeah, we got the whole gang. You haven't
seen You haven't seen both of them yet,
bro. No, you're right. I haven't. Who's
going to go first? Oh, you're going to
go first. Rock slide, eat this. Holy
crap. That was a great
What do you mean? Oh, big damage.
You don't even You don't even kill me
with this. You don't even kill me with
this. I can flinch you though. Oh, I
lived on one. I lived on one. I lived on
one. Oh my god. How did that not do any
damage? That's crazy. I think because
the defenses are are so the HP and the
defenses are so high that the attacks
are like are having a hard time keeping
up with it. The damage because we have
so much health points. Oh, I've been
scar smacked indeed. There I go. Criy.
What does scare smack even do? I don't
even know. I know what to do now. I
know. I know exactly what to do now.
Hobs. Oh, a dog. Get him, Growli. I'm
eating this.
Good. Good. Good chunks. I eat this. I
eat this. Oh, I do. My dog is so bulky.
Wait. Oh, this does more damage. What am
I doing? You're so close to death now.
You're so close. Outrage. I tank this. I
tank this so much. Oh my god. My dog is
so strong. What? Wait, what? What is
this? Speed tie. Do Wait, did we
actually speed tie? Was that a speed
tie? I think I actually No, I think it
was. I think it was genuinely a speed
tie there. My in-game speed is 271.
Okay, I'll tell you mine in a minute.
All right, let's see. Let's see. Let's
see. Come on. Kill kill kill kill. Yes.
Yeah. That was huge, huge moment. Huge
moment. 27. There's no way it was a
speed tie, right? There must have been a
uh this thing's speed was 271. 271. It
was a speed tie. Oh my god. I can't
believe that. That's so funny. It was
actual speed tie. That's actually so
funny. Hello, Whisper. Oh, mate. What am
I? Wait, you're not a fighting type,
buddy. I don't really have anything
else, Pat. I'll be real with you. Yeah,
fair enough. Oh, wait. Okay. Uh, not not
ideal. Um, why is you Why did I say
that? I'm a fight. He's like, "I'm af."
And then you run away. What? That
doesn't make any sense. Why would I do
that? That's so strange. I wonder why.
Oh, dude. I could have stayed in. I
should have just attacked. I should just
attacked. Why am I forced to play in
this way? Where are you going? I'm going
back, mate. I'm going back. What move
did you use? What move did you use
against my blue? Cuz I uh I used dark
pulse. That's right. Oh, f Oh, yeah.
Fine.
Okay, here it comes. Here it comes. The
focus blast. Oo, big damage. Oh, he's
got his berries.
That helps me any. Oh, you're fast.
But you're tanky. Wa. Did you switch?
No, you didn't.
That ruins every I really thought you
were going to go in charm. I go there.
Oh no. This is unfortunate. If I break
through this, this is just crazy. Oh.
Oh, bloody. Okay. I really thought you
were going to go into charm. I go there.
Damn. Why am I worried?
Okay, so you got a little bit of
lefties.
What is wrong with you, bro? I'm I'm
setting up the late game rocks so that I
may win this battle. What does temper
flare even do? Ow. If the last move
failed, it does double damage. That's
why I have sucker punch. If I fail
sucker punch, I can double the damage.
Oh, that's Oh, that's really smart,
actually. I like that. I like that. I
like that. And And there's there's the
sucker punch. Okay. Unfortunately, my my
Qat is far too powerful for you.
Are you ready? I'm bringing the beast
out. I'm not dead. I'm I'm I'm ready to
rumble. The god. The gods.
[Music]
I'm sorry. Am I supposed to be afraid of
this? It's time for me for you to use my
most powerful move. Steel beam. You
think I fair a steel beam? Yeah. Solid
damage. Uh I think I die now. Yes. Good
lord.
Oh great heavens. Oh no. No. Oh no. Big
berry for a big boy. Oh yes, I know what
to do now. Oh, that's right. You could
thrass in this game.
I I'm I'm I'm surviving with like a
hair. I lose either way. Oh my god. I
lose. I lose literally either way. I
think he takes us really well now,
right? Hopefully.
They takes us really well. Bloody god.
All right. You You want to do this? Here
comes Whirlpool Kyogre. All right. Okay,
man. No, it's fine. Is someone at my
door again? You're unpopular though.
There's no way.
Surely not. Surely not. While we're mid
intens,
I'm almost done. Last resort.
What? Okay, that's pretty solid. No,
that's that's actually pretty solid. You
had ripen as well. Yeah, we both have
ripen. We both have ripened citrus
berry. That's pretty solid. Miss, miss,
miss, miss. Oh no, it might come down to
me landing focus blast. I can't lie.
Ow. Okay. Okay. Wait. Wait. We We get
the T-wave. Get the T-wave.
Come on. Come on. We got the T. You're
so lame. I hate you. That's This is what
I have to do because Kyogre is not going
to do any damage. You brought so many
bulky losers. Dude, this is again
You deserve that. I don't deserve this.
No one deserves this. You deserve it.
You deserve it. No one deserves to miss
waffle. It's such a bad move. Oh, I'm
dead. No.
Oh dear. Oh dear. I think it comes down
to can I land focus blast or not. I've
already I've already missed. So really I
think I should land. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Huge.
Oh, get a kill. Come on. Come on. Come
on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.
Come on. Wrap it up. Wrap it up. Wrap it
up. Let's go.
[Music]
The spa buff too. The spa buff. Here
comes my spa. Frieza.
I actually have You need to like You
need to miss. You actually need Wait.
30% chance. 30% chance. What happens? He
lands it, does it? I think it's going to
kill. I think it's going to kill, dude.
A plus one for the kill. Let's go. All
right.
Hey, it's nice. So, we don't do much
damage to each other to speed things up.
Why don't we do the last two battles of
double battles? So, you can sit there
and thunder wave me the entire game.
Yeah. Yeah. So, I can so I can th So I
can thunder wave every Pokémon. Every
Pokemon forever. I'm going to thunder
wave every Pokemon forever. I need my
meal deal, Pat. I'm so hungry. You mean
you need I need me Tesco meal deal,
please.
Oh, surprise. I told you what I told you
I was going to do. I told you, Luke, get
ready for it cuz here it comes. Yep.
Here it comes. There. This is the best.
This is it. This is the best. This is
it. The best.
Fledge. Fledge. Fledge. Double flesh.
Double. The yawn as well. Okay. Okay.
Fair. Fair. Fair. F.
K. Wave comes through.
We see Game Boy Luke descending into the
depths of madness. Can I get a single
fridge, please? Are you forced to play
against two moves? Am I doing this to a
friend? The answer is yes.
Look at this damage. Are you seeing this
damage? Wait here.
[Music]
Wait, why am I paralyzing your Pokemon
if I'm trying to poison them? What am I
doing? This is actually really
counterintuitive to what I what I should
be trying to do here. I see Wolfy Glick
hit these flinches all the time. Why can
I not get one right now? Oh, I forgot my
sleep now. Go night. I'm so mad at this.
What does this do?
I've never seen a cow do such a little
damage. I can't even flinch you no more.
My rock slides are slow. That's true.
You can't. I'm slowly getting whittleled
down though. Ow.
Interesting. No, my mirror. I've had it
up to here. I knew Twitch. I knew you
twitch. I I predicted this play. Yeah.
Yep.
Oh, he's dead. And in prediction, he is.
I'm asleep. Yeah. Go on. Stay asleep as
well. You deserve to be asleep.
Okay,
this is what you get. What is he doing?
Wait, did you actually predict that? You
actually last resort. That damage is
incredible, by the way. Here he comes.
Sanguini. Oh, wization
looks like this, bro. Yo, look at that.
They call him body press Barry. You'll
never get They do. They do. They do. Oh
my god. Are you listen wave stealth rock
toxic spikes?
That was a critical head.
Terror blast is an online body press.
No.
You see the p You see the punches come
in though. Yeah. Yeah. That was kind of
sick actually. Let's bring out 4B.
Hello. There we go. That's my guy. Wait
a minute. I know what you're going to
do, FBY, and I'm here to stop it.
Terrailization ghost. Did you actually
go ghost? Yes. That's fire. You can't I
know the colors are similar, bro, but
like come on. Come on now. Come on,
girl. That's fire.
Mommy, dude, why is the dude Why is that
dude no damage? Yeah. Stamina defense
buff. Yeah. Wait,
does that work? It does. Actually,
I wasn't playing, bro. I wasn't playing.
That's That is play of the game. Play of
the game.
My stamina is boosted. My tasty is
that looks so good.
Get him out of here. Am I losing? I've
had enough. I'm I'm well pulling. I've
had enough. I've seen enough. I've seen
enough. I'm well pulling. He's well
pulling, chat. He's well pulling. Mama
mia. Mama mia. Malerina capina.
Oh, I'm weak to this move. Ow. Okay, I
live. Oh, you got the crit though.
Critical critical critical critical
quiddle hit. Critical hits.
[Music]
This I'm still ripening with it. I'm so
big and ripe with it. Oh, I'm dead. The
thing is, it didn't even do that much
last time. Never mind. I'm living.
Stamina, baby. My defense. Whirlpool,
baby. I live this as well. Oh, you Okay,
you're you're dead. But you live, but
you're dead. Wait, but both of you Yes.
Finally got paralyzed. Finally. Jesus.
Yeah, that's valid. Wait, I think you're
both dead now. I think both of your
Pokemon are dead here. Nah, I live this
po I live this one poison turn. You
think so? Yeah. Oh my god, you were
right.
It's so funny. This was just sitting
there and I was like, "Oh, wait. I need
to rotate quickly." Rotate. Rotating.
Rotate. Rotate. Rotate. Rotate. Freeze
here. Here it comes. Here comes the
earthquake. I'm dead now. Boom. Boom.
Boom. Boom. My in the air.
Okay, that's fine. You know what? That
was Do I care? Yes. My macro. Stupid
bird. I brought this for you just in
case. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. All right.
Well, I Dude, I'm built specially, too.
I wanted to I actually wanted to switch
out so bad. Um, no switching for you,
sir. Wait, does Vampies live this? Hold
on. No, no, no, no, no. because it was
badly badly poisoned. Wait, was it badly
poisoned? I think it was badly poison,
right? It wasn't badly. Did I not? Oh,
did I fall? I think I fell asleep, dude.
Wait, Whirlpool's actually kind of
goated for this entire Yeah. Go. You're
so goated, man. Can I land focus blast?
I hope I really do. Oh, no. He finally
missed. Let's go. W. Oh no. Oh no. I
didn't land focus blast. Nice.
Ow.
So, what are you doing today, Luke? We
might be here a Yeah, we might. Too bad
that actually did a respectable amount.
All five of the hits. Ow.
I love scraggy so much.
The Scraggy has been a problem. Yo, I'm
spinning. Oh, you have a double. Okay, I
got double. I got my double temper flare
next turn now. Fool. Wait, does this
kill? This might actually kill. I have a
lot of special attacks. Okay, brother.
Oh, no. He's so He's Now, I'm really
quick with my Salicberry.
Yes. You're so quick, dude. I need I
need five and a random crit.
Oh. Oh, three. And it's got the loaded
dice. It must have the dice. No, I need
I need another crit. Never mind. I I I I
gravely Oh, we only hit the four times.
You hit the four times.
[Music]
What else am I to do in this situation,
Luke?
Ow.
Just want to make sure I secure that.
Yes.
Yes. You killed my dog. Wait. Okay, I
might not die
to icycle spear if you get paralyzed
or if this chilling water does what it's
supposed to do and lowers your attack.
I'm so glad I suck. Chilling. Dude, I
want to quit. I want to quit so bad.
This is This is pissing me off. It's
working though. It's working. Chat, he's
tilted. Chat, this is killing me from
the inside out. Hello. And that's that's
honestly that's kind of the point if I'm
honest. Me me me me me me me me me me me
me me me me me me me me me me. Oh, it
just doesn't miss, man. I did. Okay, I
did once. I've missed. I I tried three
times. I missed once. So, I'm on me
again. You're going to run away me
again. That's not no. So, I know that
you're not going to attack the Kyog. I'm
just going to welp.
Oh, wait. We don't know what Okay. Well,
I'll go scraggy. I don't push any
buttons for the rest of this game now.
This is all up to This is all It's up to
fate now. It's all up to my Sligoo.
Come on, Sligoo. You can sligue it.
Sorry.
Put it right back. Okay. Okay. That's
huge. Crit. Crit. One shot. Oh my god. I
can't even I can't I can't even run.
Poison dodge. No.
That's W's in the chat. That's W's in
the chat. No, he's confused. That's W is
in the chat. Although, you get to click
buttons again, though. Oh, wait. I'm
dead.
[Music]
You're dead.
I'm dead. He says taking one damage. No,
the play rough's going to kill me next
time. You're faster than me. Um I
actually don't know. It might. Okay,
we're playing. Nope. Kill yourself. Kill
yourself. Sorry, that was that. I hope I
will. I don't want to be here anymore.
Okay, the rock's like,
"Yipp
flail flail." My GR wins. I'm Listen, I
had flail.
Eat him. Eat the snail. Eat it. Guys,
this was a this was a grand ad adventure
that we we we've embarked on today. The
battles were fantastic. The choosing
process fantastic. Honestly, that was a
really close battle. That was so Yeah,
that was crazy close.